Aks autoscale (#3361)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `max_pods` - The maximum number of pods that can run on each agent.

> * `availability_zones` - (Optional)  Availability zones for nodes. Must use VirtualMachineScaleSets for `type` of the `agent_pool_profile`.

Reviewer: Could we word this like other data source:
```suggestion
* `availability_zones` - The availability zones used for the nodes. 
```

* `enable_auto_scaling` - If the auto-scaler is enabled. 

* `min_count` - Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling 

> * `min_count` - (Optional) Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling 

Reviewer: As this is a data source could we remove:
```suggestion
* `min_count` - Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling 
```

> * `enable_auto_scaling` - (Optional) Whether to enable auto-scaler [Autoscaling details](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-autoscaler) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enable_auto_scaling` - If the auto-scaler is enabled. 
```

> * `max_count` - (Optional) Maximum number of nodes for auto-scaling

Reviewer: As this is a data source could we remove:
```suggestion
* `max_count` - Maximum number of nodes for auto-scaling
```

> ~>  **Note:** Support for the `type` of `VirtualMachineScaleSets` is currently in Public Preview on an opt-in basis. You can enable this feature using the Azure CLI by running `az feature register --name VMSSPreview --namespace Microsoft.ContainerService`

Reviewer 2: since this is a Data Source I think we can remove this `note` here

```suggestion
```

> * `min_coumt` - (Optional) Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `min_count` - (Optional) Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling 
```

Author: Thanks!

> * `min_count` - (Optional) Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling 

Reviewer 2: since this is a Data Source this is read-only - so could we remove this:

```suggestion
* `min_count` - Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling 
```

Author: Fixed in the commit.

> * `max_count` - (Optional) Maximum number of nodes for auto-scaling

Reviewer 2: since this is a Data Source this is read-only - so could we remove this:

```suggestion
* `max_count` - Maximum number of nodes for auto-scaling
```

Author: Fixed.
